but the everyday display David a small
welcome to articulate a comic book heart
that's crispy
just a quick reminder trying to get
everybody to come out and participate in
our poll to pick the top 10 figures of
2014 today is supposed to be the last
day to put your you know vote said I do
understand that we were missing quite a
few figures that people thought that
should be on a list but we tried to pick
what were the top figures and not have
the list so so robust that you couldn't
even really make a decision or pick 10
solid choices but I do realize that we
have missed some figures though I do
recognize that we missed some figures
but you know do what you can't pick what
you can either the ones that are on
unless we try to get as many people as
possible to participate and it only
takes you a minute two minutes to hurry
up and fill out 10 choices and click
vote and like I said we trying to get at
the minimum 1000 people to participate
and if there is something that use that
you feel should be on a list than just
comment on the Poland and and say that
you know we're looking to see the
comments from everybody and again this
is a learning experience like what every
poll that we do to see how it can be
better the next time we've already
started the process for getting things
together for 2015's poll for the best of
2015 and organizing that so that way
it'll be a much easier process at the
end of this year but please in the
description of this video there is a
link to our poll for the top ten fingers
at 2014 please share with us your
thoughts and and put in some some
entries alright peace
that's crispy